TELCODOCS-1385 - Update docs for 4.14 RAN RDS (#64278)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-ran-du-reference-components.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-design-spec.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-ran-du-reference-components_{context}"]
= Reference design components

The telco RAN DU reference design consists of the following components:

.Telco RAN DU reference design components

> image::177_OpenShift_cluster_provisioning_0821.png[Describes the components that make up the RAN DU reference configuration]

Reviewer: See above comment about alt text. Maybe something similar to:
```suggestion
image::177_OpenShift_cluster_provisioning_0821.png[A diagram describing the telco RAN DU component stack. The base components consist of {product-title} and {op-system-first}. The RAN-specific performance profile components sit atop the base components and includes the MCO, Performance Addon Operator, SR-IOV Operator, and PTP Operator.]
```
